3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22, 23, 26, 28
29, 30

Q3.Show first name, last name, city, state and whole years of service (no
decimal places) for all employees--Order by last name ascending. Use only
explicit joins.

Q5. List the 3 youngest employees first name, last name, branch_name and
division_name. Show first name, last name and whole years of age (no decimal
places). (Show only three employees) Order by age descending. Use only
implicit joins.

Q6. List the 3 youngest employees first name, last name, branch_name and
division_name. Show first name, last name and whole years of age (no decimal
places). (Show only three employees) Order by age descending. Use only
explicit joins.

Q7. Show the first name, last name, branch_name and division_name and the age
at hire of the 3 employees who were the oldest when they were hired (Show
only three employees) Use only implicit joins.

Q8. Show the first name, last name, branch_name and division_name and the age
at hire of the 3 employees who were the oldest when they were hired (Show
only three employees) Use only explicit joins.

Q11. Show first name, last name, and date_awarded for all winners of the
“Employee of the year” award. Use only natural joins.

Q12. Show first name, last name, and date_awarded for all winners of the
“Employee of the year” award. Use only implicit joins.

Q14. Show first name and last name for all winners of BOTH the “Employee of
the year” and "Best new employee" awards. Use only natural joins.

Q15. Show first name, last name and award_desc for all winners of either the
“Employee of the year” or "Best new employee" awards. Use INQ16. Show first name, last name and award_desc for all winners of either the
“Employee of the year” or "Best new employee" awards. Use only natural joins.

Q17. Show first name, last name and award_desc for all winners of either the
“Employee of the year” or "Best new employee" awards. Use UNION.

Q18. Show all employees last name, blog_desc and blog_url. If the employee
does not have a blog, show "No Blog" in the blog_desc column and "NA" in the
blog_url column.

Q19. Show all employees last name, branch_name and division_name. If the
employee does not have a branch_name or division_name, those columns should
be blank.

Q20. show all employees' first name and last name and the first name and last
name of their project manager. If the employee does not have a project
manager, the first name and last name of their project manager should be
blank.

Q22. Do a full outer join on the employees, emails and messages tables. Use
on.

Q23. Show the first name, last name, website_desc and blog_desc for all
employees with either a website or a blog. Use UNION ALL. Results should have
only three columns: first name, last name and "Website or Blog".

Q26. Show first name and last name for all winners “Employee of the year”
award that have not won the "Best new employee" award. Use MINUS.

Q28. List the first name, last name and email_address for all employees with
either a gmail or yahoo email address. Use an implicit join.

Q29. List the first name, last name, city, state and email_address of all
employees that live in Kansas (KS) and have a linkedup.com email account. Use
using() for all joins.

Q30. Show the first name, last name, and blog_desc for the blogs with the 2nd
and 3rd highest hit counts.